did you connect with a being or beings
or Angels or other Divine entities and
and if you could share a little bit
about what that realm was like in all
the years when I was doing this work in
all the work I
did I never encountered a being a Divine
being said I'm God you know this is what
I am it wasn't like that it was like I
would go deeper into a level of
Consciousness and I would experience a
communion with this Consciousness and
this Consciousness would teach me it
knew me it would teach me and show me
things and it would crush me and then
bring me forward into still deeper
levels and I would go into those deeper
levels and I would enter into communion
with those levels and and I internalized
the energy of those levels and I was
with this
Consciousness but it never crystallized
into a specific form I always felt its
Pres pres it guided my sessions I could
enter into dialogue with it I could
enter into communion with it it would it
would dissolve me into
itself but it never crystallized into a
what you might call a personality of God
or a person of God and it just kept
getting larger and larger deeper and
deeper more and more vast and I think
that many of our theologies of God or
our thinking about God is really based
upon uh what I would call the early
encounters with an infinite
intelligence that that this infinite
intelligence is far larger far too large
to ever be concretized in the historical
lineages that we recognize in the world
traditions